hi people i have you new again
tutorial for you today is over again
nails
I joined Birth recently
facebook and many meant that I was one
tutorial is about to do that is one
really small tutorial only
because it says possible and goes
it's about my roses
I will now each image one
dazzling world that sees it then
her now came as it looks
So if you are interested in burning one
say I like it so here right now
her still a pattern what I had before
I will now simply be gone
and then you'll just see
How I do it from the beginning to the end
But first I'll do the whole thing
Introduce the product I use
I will use this white one
nail polish is of wonder ale extremely
lessing three quickly stands out from it
isa dora is he from isa dora then
I use the patrice on it
but newcomer new branche is already one
a little older so I do not believe now
more that it is so new here is the
number 850 and heia trias rest pink
so I use of p2 or pitu no
I do not know how to pronounce it that way
So many comments get so
picchu p2 no idea is you
leave yours to everyone
the number 140 flirt usa so then
i still a green of patrice that is
the number 240 sound art is for ever
He then I have a top coat of
p2p two no idea a smaller one
finish mail top coat and that in 2010 as
19 to the perfect team
I'm really sorry that she does not
Focused but I hope you can me
they understand that so well
could buy and a basecap of
Manhattan Pro Shade Baseboard Varnish
written on it has no number he gives
probably so easy then use
I still one
There hung a tool or a script ever
after how one likes to call this
pen with the two balls on the ends
a big a little ball
but you can also just one
use toothpicks that works
of course very good for that
must now not separately song tinkloh
buy but if you like that
at home then , of course, is very good
like that and next time I use
baracke further normal of it from
evelyn yes i could talk about anyone
Any and of course cotton pads like that
My nail is clean as you are now
I can see my nails
rounded and that I do that
that's because or I have
that's why I'm stiletto
wanted to do nails but my nails so
Loading is still too short is a bit more
grow a bit
but now it's actually like that
I also wanted to tell you that I am
no nail designer so if I
do something or do it differently
thus the nail care or with the base
code or whatever you let it all
So really let me do that
as I want it
so is best for me and have been there
no problems with it and i know i am
not the perfect nail designer or
perfect girl that can do it all
So you also see that I am not color
the vespa has solved a bit and
looking so good but looking
can not be perfect so i can do it
not really perfect
I can conjure it up like it's good
looks and yes that looks like this
So first I use the base
coach the paint a nail my
nature nail or
Angela Gelich attacks and yes you can
have applied nail polish on the nails
I also asked a lot of people it is not
problem
so if your base dried well
is you then take your subject
you want used, I now know
Of course you can also turquoise
take or take money there will be
Flowers are simply beautiful
Can you turn flowers on natural yellow
or I do not know how to make pink or
in blue but make blue pants well
or red depending on how you want it
It is best if the first layer
let it dry and then another
layer over it then that's nice
cover and then also better so
when the nail polish is dried take
you then your colors and I take that
now first the pink roses to the
to draw
just take the brush for that
nail polish brush you do not have to
take somebody cotton swabs or
but what else is it trying?
possible to deny it with not as
looks so on away and indeed take
I now upper corner and raging so
on it with the point
with that thorough but not exactly
I have 33 form now
so when your points have dried
Then you just take the green one
nail polish I always do it that way
I increase others and then that way
then I can trickle on it
just take it better and later
you can not do anything to make it turn, too
not bad because it has to be yes
anyway not then namely the doping
tool small, making it the
leaves on
do not have to be so perfect hobby came
a children splatter are the leaves
next is theirs
words patch and makes the tip of the
Doping tools clean it with you the same
can use again next step
then use them your brighter pink
then do it again
Same principle here a bit of it
on the lid then user again
doping tool little tip
and make small semicircles in the rose
purely
so may I already a little
so that looks a bit more real
and just does not look so perfect
if your rose are dried use
Just give your finish top coat and
Just jack her with the simple ones
get a nice shine and that's it
simply beautiful looks like the water
actually too
So that was already disturbing me
I said I only takes a moment to
thing of five minutes maybe or
also every ten minutes from now on two
Things were done on my thumb and so on
on my ring finger I think that it
most beautiful my two yes and me
Hope my world is also trying
and I can be assured at
every case arrives very well when I
really have my girlfriend with it
enthusiastic and yes it is a very easy
style and does not go fast and the
mega nice and you can always again
make new and any other color
take advantage of red or yellow orange now
yes in any case, I hope you have that
I would like to video until then
next time